- [Instructor] And there is.
Spring Data JPA.
We get better functionality while writing less code.
In chapter one we learned that Spring Data
abstracts away from any particular data source
by following a repository pattern.
Now we're actually going to see
the implementation of that pattern.
Spring Data starts with a repository interface
with two bounded type parameters.
The first parameter, T, is the entity class name.
And the second parameter, ID,
is the type of the unique ID of the entity.
The repository interface
is just a marker without any methods.
CrudRepository extends from repository
and declares methods that create, update, read
and delete entities and inherit the bounded type parameters.
Both repository and CrudRepository are packaged in
com
framework
data
repository.
To create or update, invoke the save or save all methods.
There are now four delete methods in Spring Data V2
to remove entities from the database.
And finally, to read or do lookups,
there are three built in find methods,
account method and exist method.
To declare a repository for your entity,
declare a Java interface that extends from CrudRepository
and provide the appropriate bounded type parameters.
So using the student entity we spoke of in the last chapter,
we create a student repository
and extend it from CrudRepository
with student as the first bounded type,
and integer as the second.
The ID of the student entity is an integer.
By extending from CrudRepository,
the interface declares the contract
for all the built in methods.
The create and update methods for the student.
The student delete methods.
And the read methods.